 Many people think that the best way to escape war is to dwell upon its horrors and to imprint them vividly upon the minds of the younger generation. They flaunt the grizzly photographs before their eyes. They fill their ears with tales of carnage. They dilate upon the ineptitude of generals and admins. They denounce the crime and insensate folly of human strife. Now all this teaching ought to be very useful in preventing us from attacking or invading any other country. If anyone outside a madhouse wished to do so. But how would it help us if we were attacked or invaded ourselves? That is the question we have to ask. Would the invaders' consent to visit Lord Bieberbrook's exhibition or listen to the impassioned appeals of Mr. Lloyd George? Would they agree to meet that famous South African General Smuts and have their inferiority complex removed in friendly reasonable debate? I doubt it. I have borne responsibility for the safety of this country in grievous times. I gravely doubt it. But even if they did, I am not so sure we should convince them and persuade them to go back quietly home. They might say it seems to me. You are rich. We are poor. You seem well said. We are hungry. You have been victorious. We have been defeated. You have valuable colonies. We have none. You have your native. Where is ours? You have had the past that I said the future. Above all, I fear they would say you are weak and we are strong. After all, my friends, only a few are the way by air that dwells the nation of nearly 70 millions of the most educated, industrial, scientific, disciplined people in the world. Who are being taught from childhood to think of war as a glory of exercise and death in battle as the noblest fate for man. There is a nation which should abandon all its liberties in order to augment its collective strength. There is a nation which with all its strength and virtue is in the grip of a group of ruthless men preaching a gospel of intolerance and racial pride unrestrained by law, by parliament or by public opinion. In that country, all passive speeches, all morbid war books, are forbidden or suppressed and are author rigorously imprisoned. From their new table of commandment, they have omitted. Thou shalt not kill. It is for twenty years since these neighbors of ours fought almost the whole world and almost defeated them. Now they are rearning with the utmost speed. And ready to their hands is this new lamentable weapon of the air against which our navy is no defense. And before which women and children, the weakened frail, the pacifist and the jingo, the warrior and the civilian, the frontline trenches and the cottage home, all lie in equal and impartial perils. They were still for with the new weapons and come a new method. Their other had come back the most brutish methods of ancient barbarism, namely the possibility of compelling the submission of racism by carerizing and torturing their civil populations. And worst of all, the more civilized the country is, the larger and more splendid cities, the more intricate the structure of its social and economic life, the more it is vulnerable, the more it is that the mercy of those who may make it their prey. Now these effects are grim, indiscutable facts and in fact the facts are against what are we to do.